How To Use K8smonitor(km) Instructions

Input "km -type measurement" in your bash
Example:You can use the instruction "km -c usage" to query cpu/usage for each pod

*YOU CAN ONLY CHOOSE ONE TYPE AND ONE MEASUREMENT AT THE SAME TIME.

K8smonitor can query 5 types of measurements.
-c cpu
-f filesystem
-m memory
-n network
-u uptime


The following measurements are available for cpu query.
usagerate		CPU usage on all cores in millicores.
usage			Cumulative CPU usage on all cores.
limit			CPU hard limit in millicores.
request			CPU request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in millicores.
nodeallocatable		Cpu allocatable of a node.
nodecapacity		Cpu capacity of a node.
nodereservation		Share of cpu that is reserved on the node allocatable.
nodeutilization		CPU utilization as a share of node allocatable.



The following measurements are available for filesystem query.
inodes			The number of available inodes in a the filesystem
inodesfree   		The number of free inodes remaining in a the filesystem.
limit			The total size of filesystem in bytes.
usage			Total number of bytes consumed on a filesystem.



The following measurements are available for memory query.
cache			Cache memory usage.
limit			Memory hard limit in bytes.
majorpagefaults		Number of major page faults.
majorpagefaultsrate	Number of major page faults per second.
nodeallocatable		Memory allocatable of a node.
nodecapacity		Memory capacity of a node.
nodereservation		Share of memory that is reserved on the node allocatable.
nodeutilization		Memory utilization as a share of memory allocatable.
pagefaults		Number of page faults.
pagefaultsrate		Number of page faults per second.
request			Memory request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in bytes.
rss			RSS memory usage.
usage			Total memory usage.
workingset		Total working set usage. Working set is the memory being used and not easily dropped by the kernel.



The following measurements are available for network query.
rx			Cumulative number of bytes received over the network.
rxerrors		Cumulative number of errors while receiving over the network.
rxerrorsrate		Number of errors while receiving over the network per second.
rxrate			Number of bytes received over the network per second.
tx			Cumulative number of bytes sent over the network.
txerrors		Cumulative number of errors while sending over the network.
txerrorsrate		Number of errors while sending over the network.
txrate			Number of bytes sent over the network per second.



The following measurement is available for uptime query.
uptime			Number of milliseconds since the container was started.

